Multiple inheritance is not available in java.
(Same functions in 2 classes it will skip that hence no multiple inheritance)

Instead we have java interfaces. they have abstract functions (no body of functions)

Interface is like class but not completely. it is like an abstract class.
By default functions are public and abstract in interface.
variables are final and static by default in interface.

Interfaces specify only what the class is doing, not how it is doing it.
The problem with MULTIPLE INHERITANCE is that two classes may define different ways of doing the same thing,
and the subclass can't choose which one to pick.

Key difference between a class and an interface: a class can maintain state information
(especially through the use of instance variables), but an interface cannot.

Using interface, you can specify a set of methods that can be implemented by one or more classes.
Although they are similar to abstract classes, interfaces have an additional capability:
A class can implement more than one interface. By contrast, a class can only inherit a single superclass
(abstract or otherwise).

Using the keyword interface, you can fully abstract a class’ interface from its implementation.
That is, using interface, you can specify what a class must do, but not how it does it.

Interfaces are syntactically similar to classes, but they lack instance variables, and, as a general rule,
their methods are declared without any body.

By providing the interface keyword, Java allows you to fully utilize the “one interface, multiple methods”
aspect of polymorphism.

NOTE: Interfaces are designed to support dynamic method resolution at run time.
Normally, in order for a method to be called from one class to another, both classes need to be present at compile time
so the Java compiler can check to ensure that the method signatures are compatible. This requirement by itself makes for
a static and nonextensible classing environment. Inevitably in a system like this, functionality gets pushed up higher
and higher in the class hierarchy so that the mechanisms will be available to more and more subclasses. Interfaces are
designed to avoid this problem. They disconnect the definition of a method or set of methods from the inheritance
hierarchy. Since interfaces are in a different hierarchy from classes, it is possible for classes that are unrelated
in terms of the class hierarchy to implement the same interface. This is where the real power of interfaces is realized.

Beginning with JDK 8, it is possible to add a default implementation to an interface method.
Thus, it is now possible for interface to specify some behavior.However, default methods constitute what is, in essence,
a special-use feature, and the original intent behind interface still remains.

Variables can be declared inside of interface declarations.
NOTE: They are implicitly final and static, meaning they cannot be changed by the implementing class.
They must also be initialized. All methods and variables are implicitly public.

NOTE: The methods that implement an interface must be declared public. Also, the type signature of the implementing
method must match exactly the type signature specified in the interface definition.

It is both permissible and common for classes that implement interfaces to define additional members of their own.